Sister, this is the gesture I bought for you over the years.
If you don't like it, I've prepared brown sugar for you.
She buys whatever she likes. Don't talk about it for a long time,
I also prepared it for you. These employees,
Also taking care of you. What are the needs.
Just tell your brother.
Brother is so kind.
Before, you helped me deal with you,
I didn’t know your identity before, but now my brother must feel the most pain.
I really want to see your expression when you realize that you are your sister.
However, one will never know.
Which branch should I go to now?
The best thing to do here is the lady
You hand over
I'm too busy to leave now
There are rumors outside that
Zhao Xu'er didn't think about it
Okay, I don’t even have a certificate now